A warm smile is testimony of a generous nature.
A secret admirer will soon send you a sign of affection.
Love asks me no questions, and gives me endless support. Shakespeare
In the end there are three things that last: faith, hope and love; and the greatest of these is love.
Don't forget, you are always on our minds.
Love is for the lucky and the brave.
If you continually give, you will continually have.
If you want the rainbow, you must put up with the rain. D. Parton
If you would be loved, love and be lovable.
The one you love is closer than you think.
Love always and deeply.
Your heart will always make itself known through your words.
Love begets love.
We cannot do great things; only small things with great love. Mother Teresa
Love is like wildflowers...it is often found in the most unlikely places.
Love is the only medicine for a broken heart.
Love is the triumph of imagination over intelligence. H.L. Mencken
Much more grows in the garden than that which is planted there.
One who admires you greatly is hidden before your eyes.
Only love lets us see normal things in an extraordinary way.
The greatest gift is love.
The time is right to make new friends.
There is no limit to love's forbearance, to its trust, its hope, its power to endure.
Those who have love, have wealth beyond measure.
To love is to forgive.
Hearts are not to be had as a gift, hearts are to be earned. W.B. Yeats
Your heart is a place to draw true happiness.
Love conquers all.
Count your blessings by thinking of those whom you love.
There is a true and sincere friendship between you and your friends.
You find beauty in ordinary things, do not lose this ability.
Ideas are like children; there are none so wonderful as your own.
It takes more than good memory to have good memories.
A thrilling time is in your immediate future.
Your blessing is no more than being safe and sound for the whole lifetime.
Plan for many pleasures ahead.
The joyfulness of a man prolongeth his days.
Your everlasting patience will be rewarded sooner or later.
Make two grins grow where there was only a grouch before.
Something you lost will soon turn up.
Your heart is pure, and your mind clear, and your soul devout.
Excitement and intrigue follow you closely wherever you go!
A pleasant surprise is in store for you.
May life throw you a pleasant curve.
As the purse is emptied the heart is filled.
Be mischievous and you will not be lonesome.
You have a deep appreciation of the arts and music.
Your flair for the creative takes an important place in your life.
Your artistic talents win the approval and applause of others.
Pray for what you want, but work for the things you need.
Your many hidden talents will become obvious to those around you.
Don't forget, you are always on our minds.
Your greatest fortune is the large number of friends you have.
A firm friendship will prove the foundation on your success in life.
Don't ask, don't say. Everything lies in silence.
Look for new outlets for your own creative abilities.
Be prepared to accept a wondrous opportunity in the days ahead!
Fame, riches and romance are yours for the asking.
Good luck is the result of good planning.
Good things are being said about you.
Smiling often can make you look and feel younger.
Someone is speaking well of you.
The time is right to make new friends.
You will inherit some money or a small piece of land.
Your life will be happy and peaceful.
A friend is a present you give yourself.
A member of your family will soon do something that will make you proud.
A quiet evening with friends is the best tonic for a long day.
A single kind word will keep one warm for years.
Anger begins with folly, and ends with regret.
Generosity and perfection are your everlasting goals.
Happy news is on its way to you.
He who laughs at himself never runs out of things to laugh at.
If your desires are not extravagant they will be granted.
Let there be magic in your smile and firmness in your handshake.
If you want the rainbow, you must to put up with the rain. D. Parton
Nature, time and patience are the three best physicians.
Strong and bitter words indicate a weak cause.
The beginning of wisdom is to desire it.
You will have a very pleasant experience.
You will inherit some money or a small piece of land.
You will live a long, happy life.
You will spend old age in comfort and material wealth.
You will step on the soil of many countries.
You will take a chance in something in the near future.
You will witness a special ceremony.
Your everlasting patience will be rewarded sooner or later.
Your great attention to detail is both a blessing and a curse.
Your heart is a place to draw true happiness.
Your ability to juggle many tasks will take you far.
A friend asks only for your time, not your money.
You will be invited to an exciting event.
Little and often makes much.
The days you work are the best days.
Today is a lucky day for those who remain cheerful and optimistic.
If you continually give, you will continually have.
You were born with the skill to communicate with people easily.
The hard times will begin to fade, joy will take their place.
The first step to better times is to imagine them.
Ideas are like children; there are none so wonderful as your own.
When you speak honestly and openly, others truly listen to you.
Trust your intuition. The universe is guiding your life.
It doesn't matter. Who is without a flaw?
It is much wiser to take advice than to give it.
Many a false step is made by standing still.
A thrilling time is in your immediate future.
You should be able to make money and hold on to it.
The skills you have gathered will one day come in handy.
Every excess becomes a vice.
Be direct, usually one can accomplish more that way.
Keep in close touch with what your competition is doing.
Your skill will accomplish what the force of many cannot.
Your talents will be recognized and suitably rewarded.
You can always find happiness at work on Friday.
All your hard work will soon pay off.
The secret of getting ahead is getting started.
Do not mistake temptation for opportunity.
You will be fortunate in everything you put your hands to.
Decide what you want and go for it.
You will have gold pieces by the bushel.
Put the data you have uncovered to beneficial use.
Your past success will be overshadowed by your future success.
Skill comes from diligence.
Don't forget to do good deeds as you accumulate wealth.
Keep your plans secret for now.
Your money worries are over! Your new job will bring you a huge increase in income.
A good time to finish up old tasks.
Avert misunderstanding by calm, poise and balance.
Consolidate rather than expand business projects in the near future.
Delay is the antidote for anger.
Get ready! Good fortune comes in bunches.
None of the secrets of success will work unless you do.
You will be wise not to seek too much from others.
If you want the rainbow, you must to put up with the rain. D. Parton
Our first and last love...is self love.
None of the secrets of success will work unless you do.
Today is a lucky day for those who remain cheerful and optimistic.
You were born with the skill to communicate with people easily.
The first step to better times is to imagine them.
Trust your intuition. The universe is guiding your life.
It doesn't matter. Who is without a flaw?
Your happiness is intertwined with your outlook on life.
The secret of getting ahead is getting started.
Make two grins grow where there was only a grouch before.
Decide what you want and go for it.
Your past success will be overshadowed by your future success.
You are talented in many ways.
Any rough times are behind you.
Grand adventures await those who are willing to turn the corner.
None of the secrets of success will work unless you do.
The smart thing is to prepare for the unexpected.
There is yet time enough for you to take a different path.
You are very expressive and positive in words, act and feeling.
You should be able to undertake and complete anything.
A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step. Lao Tzu
A scholars ink lasts longer than a martyrs blood.
Funny thing about humility. Just when you think you've got it, you've lost it.
If you want the rainbow, you must to put up with the rain. D. Parton
He who throws dirt is losing ground.
You can always find happiness at work on Friday.
Do not mistake temptation for opportunity.
A woman who seeks to be equal with men lacks ambition. Ouch!!!
The greatest danger could be your stupidity.
He who laughs at himself never runs out of things to laugh at.
He who laughs last is laughing at you.
A closed mouth gathers no feet.
A conclusion is simply the place where you got tired of thinking.
A cynic is only a frustrated optimist.
A fanatic is one who can't change his mind, and won't change the subject.
It doesn't matter. Who is without a flaw?
The world may be your oyster, but it doesn't mean you'll get its pearl.
Flattery will go far tonight.